Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Y Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. Chinese stocks in focus
with the Shanghai Composite surged to a
decade high fueling hopes for a
sustainable rally.
>> Treasuries are still stabilizing after
falling for a third day while Asian
stocks are muted as investors look ahead
to Fed Chair J. Powell's speech at
Jackson Hole. And just ahead as well
here, President Trump begins
arrangements for a meeting between
Vladimir Putin and Vladimir Zalinski
after talks with both leaders
>> and Soft Bank agrees to purchase $2
billion in Intel stock, boosting its US
footprint.
[Music]
All right, welcome to the program and
good Tuesday morning. As with the case
this time yesterday, in fact going into
the close as well. So as you can see
rangebound across the Asia Pacific
benchmark, we're looking at broad
weakness. Not a lot of it though, just
to note that as well across US futures,
the NK225 is coming off a little bit
right now, but coming off the still 435.
As you can see, Taiwan's coming online
the opposite of what we got this time
yesterday. Uh and we're in the thick of
earning season. So we talked about the
Asia market, Shanghai composite 10ear
high. We'll get into that uh in a
moment. In terms of earnings coming
through today, it's you have some decent
names coming through right
uh you have Xiaomi coming through.
PopMart are also uh going to give us a
really good sort of indicator really of
you know the broad-based rally right
across those big outperforming names as
well. Right, flip the page please if we
can. Dollar index coming up. You have
the 10 US10 Japanese 20-year yield. We
have an auction of course coming through
in about 2 and a half hours from now. Uh
stay tuned for that and we'll see what
that looks like as well. Gold futures as
you can see here slightly to the upside
slightly. I'm being extremely generous
there uh with that description. Right,
we are pulling back as you can see
across Brent. Some catch up though when
you look at the Shanghai crude contract
coming online. Uh decent move up on
Monday 1% to the upside. Asia equities
though related to that as well pulling
back alongside of course what we're
seeing as far as uh Brent crude goes
very very quickly. the A50 futures going
into the open today. Coming up on your
screens, a 10-year yield, the 30-year
yield as well, very much in focus yet.
178 is a level we haven't seen, by the
way, since early April. We now have a
210 handle on the 30-year yield. And of
course, the Hong Kong dollar has been
pulling back from the weekend of the
edge. And of course, the opposite side
to that arrangement has been highore,
right? 50 basis points move to the
upside. The biggest single day move on
highore. and we'll see what that looks
like again with that setting today uh in
about 17 years. So, lots to watch as we
go into the uh the open today. Ivon,
>> yeah, it seems like the HKMA, all these
interventions that we've seen maybe
starting to gain a bit of traction now
what we're seeing in the currency as
well as in highore rates, but certainly
one thing to watch. As you say, it's
still about this asshare rally. Uh we
continue to watch some key levels here,
particularly when it comes to the CSI
300. I think we're within half a percent
of the October 2024 highs. Uh we've
talked about the 10-year highs already
on the Shanghai Composite. That ah share
premium is now at a fiveyear low. Will
we get to parody? That's one thing that
people are speculating here right now as
well. Uh CSI 300 there 4239 is the level
to watch. Earnings you talked about
Xiaomi, PopMart, the like here. Hong
Kong unemployment numbers come through
later on this afternoon. Of course,
we're still tracking that high surge.
Maybe we'll see if it has any effect on
the property developers here in the city
this morning. But it really kind of
brings to mind uh a lot of questions
about this rally that we're seeing
across Chinese markets. Right now we're
seeing the Asian market come and gain
its mojo once again. Can we call it a
bull market right now? Because certainly
the one thing that's really lacking in
all this is the retail participation.
Perhaps that's why are taking stock and
our team over at the Asian stocks team
there is thinking that maybe this is a
little bit more durable because we're
not getting that sort of retail euphoria
that usually get uh when we see these
rallies or stuff. But we have a strong
lineup in CEOs coming up the next few
hours here on the China show. So we're
going to hit every angle really when it
comes to sectors here. So the heads of
Leap Motor is going to be joining us to
talk a little more about the EV sector.
Of course, you look at some metrics,
they did swing to back to a profit or
they swing swung to a profit, I should
say. So talking a little more about the
China EV sector. We have Australia's CSL
as well. This is the biotech company in
Australia as well. Just announced a
massive restructuring and spinning off
uh its vaccine unit and announcing some
job cuts as well. is certainly one to
watch uh with the CEO and also the CEOs
of BHP and Woodside joining us there in
the next three hours could be pretty
jam-packed when it comes to earnings.
And for a look at how Chinese markets
are shaping up this morning, let's bring
in our Bloomberg senior Asia equities
reporter Abishek Vishnoy and really
talking about how durable this rally is.
Abishek, you've been talking to a lot of
people. I mean, why is it different this
time around you think?
>> I mean, it's start of a new cycle. It's
a slow grind now after a big bounce but
it's still an you know upward sort of a
grind um and there are fundamentals you
know supporting it I mean um if you talk
about valuations valuations are cheap if
you talk about earnings outlook it is
improving 10 cent by any measure if it's
a bell weather of listed companies
economy or everything China you know
gave you a taste of what is about to
come in um but it's not an allout you
know bull market like you know how we
had seen in US things are taking shape.
Um valuations still remain cheap. See a
a lot of this is also context. I mean
there is no China in other part of the
world and there is no such a big market
with such big heft at such cheap
valuations. So a lot of this is in
context and that's why it's working. Um
having said that you know our reporting
is showing that you know there is still
a lot of liquidity on the sidelines
especially from retail investors who are
yet to participate in. So that sort of
uh gives you a kind of a put option. Um
in an environment where yields are low,
valuations are cheap in in cash uh in
cash equities. Um money is expected to
come in from them. And it's not just
retail. I mean if you think about the
ownership of this China market at this
point in time, it's largely you know a
function of um HNIS, hedge funds and
government itself propping up the
market. So the long only money which has
started trickling in is yet to come in
droves. So, you know, it's both
institutional long-term money that is
yet to buy into Asia's fully and it's
also retail investors. So, a lot of
liquidity is on the sidelines. Um, a lot
of other markets in comparison to China,
you know, they would not have the
context of cheap valuations but other
things. A lot of the markets who are
cheap would not have the context of
earnings or innovation like China has.
And a lot of markets which have
everything like China does not have its
heft. So, therefore, it's aptly
positioned. um whether a would close the
gap with edge. Well, historically they
have and sometimes they've traded on
premium. Yes, they can. But right now
Edge shares or the global part of China
Inc. is doing much better. I mean I was
looking at Msei China's best ROE or
reported ROE which is return on equity
and then I compared it with CSI and
Shanghai composite. The ROIs for onshore
stocks are yet to improve like we we
have seen MSCI China. So the onshore
part would continue to lead and Asshare
would continue to trail it for a bit and
try and close the gap later. But having
said that this is a durable cycle and
that's what our reporting is showing.
>> Abishek thank you so much in Singapore
for you can check out that piece on the
Bloomberg terminal uh today the makings
of a sustainable uh bull market rights.
Uh the other big story of course is what
took place in the white house in DC
overnight. President Trump has now
outlined plans for a meeting between
Ukrainian President Vladimir Zilalinski
and his Russian counterpart Vladimir
Putin. He is calling for a trilateral
summit following that meeting with
Zilinski and European leaders at the
White House.
>> The war is going to end. When it ends, I
can't tell you. But the war is going to
end. And this gentleman wants it to end.
And Vladimir Putin wants it to end. I
think the whole world is tired of it.
and we're going to get it ended.
>> Let's bring in Derek Wbank, our US e
economics and government senior editor
with us right now out of San Francisco.
Derek, good morning from Asia. Nice to
see you, sir. The the meeting seemed to
exceed most people's expectations. Does
it mean a peace deal is just around the
corner at this point?
>> Uh David, I wouldn't necessarily go that
far, but it certainly went a lot better
than the last time that Vladimir
Zalinsky was in the Oval Office. It
would be hard to go worse, let's be
fair. Uh, but it did go better here. It
was also interesting to me to see that
after the summit with Vladimir Putin in
Alaska, uh, Trump was saying that the
ball was in Zalinsk's court. After this
one, he's saying that it's going to be a
combination of the two of them together.
Now, Zalinski comes in to this meeting.
It was an absolute crucial meeting here.
He's backed in this meeting by a lot of
Donald Trump's best friends in Europe,
right? Kier Starmer, um, Emanuel
Macarron, uh, Georgia Maloney out of
Italy, you know, some people that that
Donald Trump quite likes, but who are
also big Ukraine supporters. So, he had
backup there. You could see that
Zalinsky was taking a very different
tone there. He said, "Thank you a lot."
uh at the start of that meeting he even
uh wore something like a suit which
which seems silly but those sort of
optics matter in these kind of
scenarios. Uh it was something that put
off Trump last time that didn't this
time. Trump comes out of this saying
maybe not a trilateral to start but a
bilateral Putin and Zalinski to start
and then a trilateral with the two of
them plus Trump. You could also see
European leaders there trying to kind of
jostle in for a little bit of framing on
how those dis discussions should go. One
point of the framing was the idea of
should there be a ceasefire before we
get into serious talks. Uh Trump was
pushing back on that a little bit
resistant to that idea. Said he'd solve
some other crises around the world
without needing that interim step. Um
but the other side that they did seem to
push on that they did seem to get some
results on was the idea of a
safeguarding force of some kind in
Ukraine. Uh Mark Rut, the former uh
Dutch prime minister uh who's who's now
the head of NATO uh compared it to a
sort of article 5 style uh agreement
that wouldn't necessarily be Ukraine in
NATO. That's not what I mean to say. But
that idea of if you uh if if you move
and you attack on one side, this gets
invoked and it automatically triggers
consequences. That sort of a mechanism.
Uh that's what they're talking about
here. And that would be something that
Russia has not wanted to see. So if they
were actually able to get that uh that
as a condition for peace, that would
actually be a major benefit to Ukraine.
At the same time though, David, we are
still talking about um some serious
potential consequences uh for Ukraine,
including territorial concessions that
they have thus far been unwilling to
make.
>> Yeah, I was going to get to that because
if you're going to get some sort of NATO
article 5 like reassurance force,
>> does Ukraine have to budge a little bit
in terms of giving up some territory?
Well, yeah, Ivon, I don't think that
anyone's talking about right now in this
sort of circle uh a move towards pre204
territorial lines. And that is going to
be a major concession for Ukraine if
that does wind up coming to pass because
keep in mind uh Ukraine has insisted,
Zilinski has insisted that they want all
of the territory back uh even all of
Crimea back as a sort of condition for
ending the hostilities. That does not
seem to be on the table. Uh the US has
said repeatedly, both Trump and US
officials, that Ukraine is going to have
to give something up in terms of land.
Um there's talk about freezing kind of
near the ter the the lines as they seem
on the battlefront right now. The
difficulty is is that what is going to
buy you actual peace? What is going to
buy calm? but is going to buy an
opportunity for Ukraine to be able to
rebuild without the threats of missile
strikes night after night after night
and civilian apartment complexes bombed
and all sorts of other atrocities that
they've been living through for years
now. What does it take to get to that
line and what sort of strength is
required for the asurances that Russia
won't just break this a couple years
later and go through? That's in the mind
of Zilinski and when he's talking I
think about you know what might have to
be given up. It's what do you get on the
other side? And a lot of this meeting to
me was about trying to make very
explicit what you're going to give back.
Remember last point, key point though
throughout the Trump administration
second go round. We've been talking
about what is the US guarantee here in
terms of security. There have been big
question marks. I think a lot of
European allies are trying to take those
question marks and turn them into
exclamation points uh that everybody
around the world can take to the bank.
Derek, thank you. Our US economics and
government senior editor Derrick Waldman
joining us out of San Francisco. Coming
up, we have HSBCs and management joining
us to walk us through what to expect out
of Jackson Hole. The head of Asia Fixed
Income, Elizabeth Allen, joins us a
little bit later on.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. 14 minutes to the
cash market open in greater China. We're
looking at bonds specifically as well.
So, in about 2 hours or so, we'll see
what that bond auction looks like. The
last time we were talking about the
20-year in Japan was a consequential
moment if you think about it. Uh 10ear
yield, I think we're up for two or three
days now. 432. Certainly we're steeper
on the curve there that's ahead of
Jackson Hole and certainly what how
non-committal but committ will JP power
remain and the 10ear yield in China as
with the 30-year are at levels we
haven't seen and uh in about three or
four months now so this melt up in
yields continues in the CGB market
dollar on your screens at the bottom
slightly on stronger uh footing right um
let's bring in our first guest this hour
Elizabeth Allen head of Asian fixed
income at HSBC asset management good
morning nice to see you
>> good morning Dave Good morning, Ivon.
Very nice to see you today.
>> So, the the big event in fixed income
markets will be Jackson Hole, J. Powell.
>> Um, what do you think he's going to tell
us about the rates out?
>> Well, that's a very difficult question
that you're asking me. Um, I think
>> thinking about rate cut is what we kind
of discuss and think about a lot every
day. Um looking at recent um US data
releases, uh the chance of a rate cut
probably has increased. Um we see the
market is pricing in a 25 basis point
cut in September.
>> Um we think um the way to think about it
is it's very hard to pinpoint the
timing. We've seen that in the last two
years. Um so we would like to take a
slightly medium-term view. Okay. And our
house view is uh for the US Treasury um
to have a Fed cut of two to four times
in the next 12 months.
>> So while um the timing is not easy to
pinpoint uh we do see uh the beginning
of a Fed cut coming and that's imminent
and that's kind of good for for fixing.
and tell us a bit more about what this
means for you know how the Fed's going
to approach you know the tariff impact
doesn't seem like it's showing through
too much right now but labor market is
showing signs of maybe cracking now
>> you think that they can see through some
of this inflationary impact from tariffs
>> and move forward
>> yeah we certainly see that um labor
market data the revisions that we've
seen
>> um is showing signs of weakness um
inflation is kind of a bit sticky uh is
yet to be seen
Um so far the tariff impact hasn't
really shown through uh in the numbers.
Yeah.
>> Uh we do think that that that could be
possible and I think that's the
difficulty um the Fed is facing. So uh
back to your question of Jackson to I
think there's a lot to watch and we'll
see what uh Powell and the rest of the
uh governors might might have to say.
>> Can we assume the the steepening trend
continues?
>> Yeah, we do expect the steepening trend
to continue. um should there be a rate
cut the the front end rates would come
down.
>> Um however looking at the long-term
trends right the uh US external deficit
um the institutional uncertainty will
continue to kind of make the uh long end
of the curve a bit elevated. So yes we
we still see a steepening uh trend
there. Yeah.
>> And the dollar can it continue to drop
from here?
>> Yeah. Um well the dollar has been on a
downward trend since the beginning of
the year. Um it paused a bit in July and
um continue that trend um in August. Uh
we do have a weak dollar view.
>> Um the concerns over uh institutional
challenge um the convergence of uh
interest rate uh with the rest of the
world and also the convergence of kind
of growth rates with the rest of the
world. uh we think it's likely uh to
wait uh on the dollar again as we know
when we have a weak dollar situation is
actually beneficial for emerging market
assets and also beneficial for Asia
assets
>> you've turned more defensive I
understand in re very recently tell us
why and how are you expressing that
>> yeah we have uh turned uh a bit
defensive uh since the summer uh that is
in view of the expectation of weaker
growth prospect coming in from the US
and the rest of the world.
>> Um having said that we think it's still
important uh to stay invested uh to
benefit from the carry rate um while
rates are coming down locking in the
interest rate at this point uh is still
what we suggest uh our clients to do. um
staying invested uh however going up in
quality uh is what we think uh will
benefit uh for a diversified investor
>> and and where in Asia are you finding
those opportunities? What strategies
work right now?
>> Um we are still focusing on kind of pan
Asia strategy. Um there are a few
reasons for that. Um one we talk about
kind of slower growth in the US and the
rest of the world. the um growth rate in
Asia is still superior over many
countries. Um that's one. Uh also if we
look at the uh fundamentals of the
issuers in the market um they're
actually having very strong balance
sheet uh very good credit quality and
this year we actually see um credit
rating upgrades outpacing downgrades. So
that's something to be aware of because
we talk a lot about tariff and the kind
of negative implication but we look at
credit fundamentals they are still very
solid and thirdly uh by definition
investing in a pan Asia strategy will
give you a diversification and in the
kind of uncertain world that we are
facing today uh having a diversified
portfolio positions uh is very
important. All right, Elizabeth, we got
to leave it there, but thank you so
much, Elizabeth Allen of HSBC Asset
Management joining us here in our Hong
Kong studios. Pre-market just opening
up. Looks like we are set for a
extension of this rally that we're
seeing in Chinese markets. Of course,
hang is up about a fifth of 1%. Futures
are in the green here this morning. And
yields are ticking just slightly lower
by one basis points in your Chinese
10ear. putting more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome back to shows.
We're looking at a couple of things. You
know, we talk about this. Are we in a
the early innings or maybe even further
on a sustainable bull market in email
and in China? So turnover actually
yesterday. This is interesting, right?
2.7 trillion. In context, that's the
third biggest daily turnover on record.
The last two were about 10 months ago,
October 9 and October 10, I believe, of
last year following that PBOC briefing.
So, we're keeping an eye on this
obviously given the fact that market
activity has been picking up. Southblows
yesterday weren't quite as robust as
they the day before. So, I guess we can
get to that uh in a moment. But yes, uh
we also have some breaking news, I
believe. Um
>> holding off on that for now. Let's take
a look when it comes to uh what the
premarket's looking like. Looks like
we're pointing to gains here right now.
The pre-market is up about a quarter of
1%. Of course, we talk about these
earnings. Uh Goldman Sachs is a pretty
interesting line about anti-involution
and what could actually benefit from it.
So, CL, MEDA are some of the names that
they think could get a boost from this
as well. Earnings that we have to tell
you about as well when it comes to this
Tuesday. So, it's the X's, right? Xpung,
Xiaomi, yes, uh you talk about uh
PopMart, some of the big consumption
names really that we need to deal with
and talk about here today. So certainly
there's a lot of the biotech space as
well, Wooshi Bio, Ping on Good Doctor,
Sunny Optical. So there's a big list to
kind of chew on the next few days.
>> I mean just to mention Pingan good
doctor right we did get an upgrade as
well on one of its peers Alibaba Health
actually I think got getting an upgrade
from Aquari earlier on. So obviously the
space is very doing very well. So, we
mentioned breaking news. S&P has now
affirmed or is affirming their current
rating on the US credit ratings. Your
double A+ A1 minus uh outlook is still
stable. You probably see that already on
your screens right now. But yes, the
affirmation of things remaining the way
they are, let's put it that way there,
out of S&P uh on the US economy there.
>> Yep. So, I'm getting a little bit of the
overview here. So, 7 months after
assuming office, the Trump
administration has gained congressional
approval of a tax and spending bill.
It's reflecting key policy priorities
and continues to overhaul the
international trade regime. But we
expect meaningful tariff revenue to
generally offset weaker fiscal outcomes
that might be otherwise be associated
with this recent fiscal legislation.
That's why. But what drove that hold
when it comes to that rating as well?
>> We have plenty more coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, good morning and you're watching
the China show. It's a big earnings day
today as Ivon was pointing out right the
excess. Um, no nothing romantic there by
the way. Um, so we have Xiao Hong, we
have Xiaomi coming out uh among many
others. South Flow is not too much in
focus today. This big jump in high to
going to be I think something to talk
about as far as Hong Kong markets are
concerned. that close that gap of course
in ANH and really as far as turnover
goes Ivan lots of lots of things to
discuss particularly CSI 300 we'll see
whether we get to that specific
milestone today
>> yeah we're just about a whisper whisker
a whisper I don't even know half of 1%
>> away from the October 2024 highs so
maybe we'll see maybe uh it really catch
up with what we've been seeing uh with
the Shanghai composite as well so ashare
market rally is certainly one thing to
watch and we were just talking to our
taking stock team about you Now, is this
kind of the workings of a durable bull
market right now? That certainly is one
question that we come to mind when we
ask about this, but it seems like we're
still pointed to some decent gains here
this morning. The Asian market is
looking like this. We're up about a
tenth of 1%, mind you, here right now.
So, it's pretty slow going here as we
talked about. This rally has been slow.
It seems like, you know, you take a look
at what authorities are. they are maybe
enjoying the fact that this is a very
slow sort of churn in equities because
it then builds the sort of wealth effect
that hopefully does boost consumption,
right? That seems to be the narrative
that we've been talking about a lot as
well. Bonds are are slightly bit up here
this morning, though we have been
talking about this meltup in yields
that's taking a bit of a pause button
here today, but we're still talking
about 210 levels for your Chinese
30-year yield. We're watching CL shares
in particular. Goldman coming out with a
pretty interesting note saying, you
know, if you want to look for names that
benefit from anti-involution, it's the
likes of CL, it's the likes of Ma Group
that they are highlighting there. Mao
shares, there you go, are up some 2% in
the ASA market. Let's lift the boards
though. We talked about earnings, that's
certainly the big one. Shia, Xiaomi,
Shiao Pong, uh, those are the big ones.
PopMart as well, if you're longoo, that
certainly is going to be the one to
watch in terms of the explosive amount
of growth that we're seeing
internationally when it comes to that
dull. Uh I think it's up about a fifth
of one a 10 of 1% right now. HS tech
though is selling off a little bit. Uh
so we're seeing that with BYU Muan
Xiaomi just marginally though slightly
to the downside here. Property is
interesting right hybrid rates have been
shooting up. We saw the biggest move in
17 years yesterday. Hen property is
actually up about 910 of 1%. So
certainly that's one thing to watch here
as well whether there is that sort of
cause and effect here right now. Honky
dollar though 780 levels. So it looks
like we've come off some of the weak
ends of the trading ban here as well.
But yes, because of that high bar rate,
it seems like that HKMA intervention is
now seem to be working its way into the
system. 718 for dollar China here right
now, Dave.
>> Okay. Yeah. One stock we're tracking as
we were just pointing out there uh very
closely today is well shares of Leap
Motor. Couple of things, right? So
yesterday we had a preview piece on this
share price is up north of 200 uh 200%.
Point number one, we're a little bit
down right now in the early minutes of
the Tuesday session. Uh the financial
metrics which the company reported on
the right side of your screen. So
everything from revenue 24 operating
loss still, but when you go further down
the income statement, pre-tax profit on
a gap basis, that's actually turned
black. 33 million there. EPS gap
positive. 02 EPS from continuing
operations just a negative. 02. Uh we're
also getting analysts coming out and
upgrading the price targets for the
stock and it seems that the company is
delivering the latest one to come
through that I see on my screens is JP
Morgan raising the price target for Leap
Motor on the back of strong results
here. They do expect further upside in
the share price. Joining us now to talk
us through the company's results, the
performance and the outlook is the
company's co-president Michael Wu.
joining us from Hung this morning.
Michael, good morning and thank you for
taking the time to join us today to talk
about your the company's performance. We
understand that given the strong
tailwinds and momentum in sales that the
company's raised its sales target for
the year. I wonder if you could clarify
that for us at the onset, Michael.
>> Yes, good morning. Thanks for having me.
Uh we've had a quite good uh result as
we always been saying. uh we're in a
long long-term business and we're on
track. So, as you pointed out, you know,
at the second quarter and the first
half, we actually uh turned uh
significant milestone to uh to to turn
the profitability. Um and also our sales
volume 221,000 in the first half. That's
over 150% growth. Uh ranking the number
one among the startup peers for the
first half. uh and also sales in July we
achieved more than 50,000 sales volume
uh again you know ranking number one
among the startup peers being the fifth
consecutive uh month achieving that
number one um yeah I mean revenue growth
uh more than 170% uh we're both
operating cash flow free cash flow
positive uh and not only positive but
also a significant growth from the last
period So gross margin also quite uh
healthy. You know we uh average growth
margin growth profit margin was 14% for
the first half uh compared to the we
barely turned uh positive in the last
year in the same period. So um so the so
you know based on the strong performance
uh again we're on track for the whole
year we have upgraded some of the
projections uh sales volume we upgraded
uh from 500 to 600,000 units to now 580
to 650,000
units for this year and uh we'll
maintain the the path to have the quite
you know reasonable gross margin around
14% to 15%. Um again for the whole year
we are able to achieve profit in the
range of 500 to 1 billion R&Bs. So we're
on track.
>> Okay. On track. I mean you you made 30
million rem in the first half. I'm just
wondering if you're talking about 500
million to a billion um
>> what when can you actually transition to
long-term profitability? Michael.
>> Yes. again uh being on track is the way
we achieve long-term pro profitability.
Um okay, for 2026, we will target to
sell uh more than 1 million cars uh in
total and by 2027 we would target to to
sell close to 2 million cars. So we're
executing along that path and with that
um obviously the profitability will
improve given our business nature being
a high operating leverage. So for 2026
you know uh the profitability could be
in multiple billions in R&B. Um so again
we're on track.
>> Okay. Yeah. Well just to recap that
Michael. Wow. These are very big numbers
here. So 1 million is the sales target
for 2027. Correct me if I'm wrong by the
way. two million for 2028. How are you
then 2026? How are you aligning your
production capacity then to be able to
then reach reach those goals if if
demand of course cooperates?
>> Yes, we uh plan our business alongside
in terms of production. Uh by end of
this year we'll have the production
capacity more than a million units. So
it's always being planned uh in
parallel.
>> Okay. I'm just wondering there there's a
whole government campaign now, Michael,
that is talking a little bit more about
how to end all this crazy competition in
the EV space here right now. I'm just
maybe can you talk a bit more about
anti-involution, this drive here, does
that change your pricing strategy in any
way?
Uh no actually this uh as you as you
mentioned this new uh you know guidance
or or the new uh industry self
constraint in a way which is good um you
know it to make sure um while the
competition being fierce we don't go
from extreme to to this extreme to the
other extreme which is quite healthy in
long term. So in terms of our strategy
it doesn't change anything because we we
produce uh products we bring to the
product to the market with a very good
feature very good value to our targeted
consumers in the at the same time as we
grow our volume as we grow our gross
profit margin we also continue to drive
down the cost leveraging on what we do
the best which is we have a fully
vertically integrated business model uh
with all the key electronic and electric
parts and components. We're the first
we're the tier one suppliers to
ourselves. So we we do all of this in
parallel and the price and our pricing
allows us to have you know as we
mentioned you know double digit the
gross margin yet can provide the best uh
you know competitive product to the
industry. So I guess it's about
competition competitiveness rather than
u kind of unhealthy competition.
Right, Michael. And you know, not not
that it not that it's to your point,
right? You're controlling what you can
control, which is the product, and
you're looking to increase your gross
margins to the point you just made, but
but surely in some indirect manner, how
your competitor's price will affect
whether or not you can make those you
can reach your targets. And I I mean
that's just to ask whether you have
observed any changes in behavioral
strategy among your peers or yourself
because of uh the government campaign
that's going on.
Um I think you you will see a diverging
trend right for certain companies uh you
would have pressures for our companies
for example we bring the products in the
120,000 R&B range in the case of our B10
140,000 R&B price range in the case of
C10 these are the uh bestass products uh
with a fully loaded good range
technology you know uh autonomous
driving you know all this tough yet
we're we're achieving healthy gross
margin. So in our case uh we go and
adapt to the market force but in the
meantime we try to leverage on what we
do the best. So I I think in our
situation we would consider ourselves on
the right track adopting the right
strategy doing the right behavior in the
industry. So we that's why we're pretty
confident in this.
Uh the auto sector has certainly
benefited from all these consumption
subsidies we've had from the government,
Michael. I'm just wondering now that
things are going to be phased out a
little bit on that front. Are you
concerned about any slowdown in demand
in the foreseeable future?
>> Uh we're not concerned about that. I
understand in the industry some people
are raising issues about uh the slowdown
of the demand in the next year because
of the you know phase out of certain
government policies or subsidies. Uh
that may be true that could have
near-term impact to some companies. Um
but we're confident in the overall
broader economic policy package that the
government will roll out. Um if you if
you're aware the government is very much
focused on promoting the economic GDP
growth growth consumption they will come
out the whole package of different
things. If one particular policy for
example the purchase tax is reduced but
at the same time there are other policy
measures tools in the package will keep
supporting the consumption supporting
the GDP and supporting the car industry
and also on top of that we as a company
um we're we're very uniquely positioned
given our strength our technology our
capability our cost control our
execution ution of our strategy. So
going into next year, as I mentioned,
this is a long haul game. So we have
we're on track.
>> Yeah. And and the one of the things that
I guess separates you from the rest,
Michael, is that you you are very
vertically integrated. You manufacture
and develop a lot of your uh components
and the like in-house. I have to ask you
then when it comes to batteries, for
example, have you been able to benefit
from some of these lithium prices coming
down?
Uh yes, industry-wise the lithium
resources price has been down. Um it's
been there for a while and given the
comp competition nature, you know,
battery makers, I mean the cell sale
cell makers don't have a very high
profitability margin anymore. So um you
know, we're all in the same boat. But
but that that that's not the key issue.
you know even if the lithium resources
price start to move up uh there's still
a way for us to uh to manage to uh for
the overall cost structure the business
structure the you know overall strategy
of the things this is a very much
holistic thing you know that involves so
many pieces in our business
>> Michael talk to us about your overseas
plans whether that's what your revenue
targets are if there are new ones there
and of
I understand you also have some
localization plans in terms of you know
capacity in Europe and I wonder how far
along you are on that decision.
>> Yes, overseas we're on track too, you
know, uh 25 our target of sales is 50 to
60,000 units and in the first half we
sold about 20,000 uh cars and making us
one of the biggest in startup peers. Um
and also overseas we have about 600
point of sales uh working with the
Stellantis group which is a great
partner you know we have 600 point of
sales shops uh 550 of them in Europe 50
of them in the rest of the world uh so
um and also as a localization we have
started um the planning processing by
next by mid of next year we hope to
settle down on you know site selection
preparation of the local production in
Europe Europe. Um, in addition, we have
a small production site now in Malaysia
in the Guran. You know, the first car of
the C10 just roll off the production
line last week in August.
>> So, we're doing all of this in
>> Have you shortlisted any locations,
Michael? Do you have any locations you
can tell us?
>> Uh, we're discussing with multiple uh uh
countries and governments uh also
working with the Stalantis, but right
now it's not really final yet. So we
we'll we'll hope we'll get get that
pretty soon, you know.
>> Right. Michael, speaking of discussions,
maybe if you could set the record
straight. Lots of people are talking
about Ferrari. What what exactly is
going on?
Uh our partnership with the Salantis
group is a full scale. You know, we work
with all parts of all brands of the
group. We'll try to identify any
potential collaboration uh uh things.
Yes, Ferrari you know the CEO of the of
of the chairman of the senses group
visited Hondro several times bring their
>> top managers from very brands Ferrari
yes but right now we don't have any
particulars to to disclose because
things are being discussed but you know
it takes time or to to materialize or
some some may may materialize some so
>> all right Michael we got to leave it
there though thank you so much for your
time Michael Wu a co-president of Jang
Leap Motor Technology. We got plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Xpong is reporting
earnings today. We're up 64% as you can
see here today. it. Suffice to say, it's
done quite well. Certainly off the
highest of the year that we hit pre-
liberation day. For a preview of what to
expect, let's bring in Linda Lou, our
Asia transport reporter. She joins us
now to talk us through this. I mean, the
company is targeting to break even um in
for how is that progress? Because I
think we've been talking about Xong
breaking even for some time now, Linda.
>> Yeah. So, actually this year they've
been going on a strong momentum. Sales
has been on a tear. A lot of that driven
by this really uh affordable and stylish
uh looking sedan called the Mona 03 that
they've launched which is really
popular. They're also narrowing their
losses uh from uh stronger cost
controls. So overall I think analysts
are quite um positive on Expon's ability
to achieve break even in the fourth
quarter.
>> They're also wrapping up global
expansion. Linda, tell us more about
that.
>> Yeah, Xpong um launched its um flagship
model in the Indonesia market recently
and they said that this model is going
to be uh manufactured locally uh in this
uh production they've just set up. So
that marks a milestone for their
overseas production. They're definitely
assessing other markets as well. uh as
they've said uh key markets like Europe
um is one that they're really assessing
how to expand their presence in as well.
Their global partnerships with other
manufacturers such as the partnership
with Volkswagen is also gaining
traction. Recently Volkswagen announced
that more of Xpong's uh technology is
going to be incorporated into their
internal combustion engine lineup as
well as plug-in hybrids. So, not just
for EVs, um you're going to see uh Xung
technology uh powered cars uh from
Volkswagen more and more in the China
market. So, all of that is going to help
uh with driving up hopefully their
margins as well as their global
presence.
>> Right now, the this is something that
came up in our earlier interview with uh
with Leap Motor. certainly the you know
increasing capacity overseas more than
domestically. Uh h how is that playing
out right now in this earning season
Linda? Generally speaking so far,
>> yeah, we've seen a research group uh
Rodeium actually just published a report
uh looking at this trend uh Chinese EV
supply chain companies and their
investments and they noted that actually
in 2024 uh Chinese firms uh invested
more overseas than they did uh the in
their home market. So that marks quite a
historic shift. And so the um research
uh report said that uh this reflects a
trend of just intense competition in the
home market has led to this uh erosion
of profits uh in home as well as uh an
over capacity that really suppresses
their earnings. So, Chinese firms are
increasingly, you know, looking to
overseas to really try to capture new
customers as well as higher earnings.
So, a lot of that overseas investments
is driven by batteries. Actually, we've
seen the likes of CL uh building new
factories in Europe um as well as other
Chinese companies. So, that's going to
be a really interesting uh trend for the
Chinese EV industry to come.
>> Linda, thank you Linda Lou there. our
Asia transport reporter there. And
tomorrow, of course, on the China show,
we'll have Expunk's vice chairman and
President Brian Goo take us through
their earnings and really what's ahead
for the company and really talk to the
man himself about all this growth that
they're seeing as well. That's going to
happen at 10:30 a.m. Hong Kong time.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. We're looking at uh
r the rare earth space uh on the back of
these I think we're looking at a pick up
in exports and shipments right now um
out of China. Nothing much to note there
as far as that is concerned. We're
looking at milk and dairy stocks as
well. Uh I believe on the back of this
extension of these probes there we go
into uh the good stuff coming in um out
of Europe and as you can see of course
the local and domestic players are
feeling the tailwinds there. uh Asian
defense talks also in focus given the
progress that we've made overnight and
let's see where we go with the sort of
Ukraine Russia conversation right now
and the meeting certainly did go better
than most people had expected it to go
but certainly it's still how does it
inform us though of really where this is
headed eventually is the key question
there.
>> Yeah. Have we really kind of seen laying
the groundwork for some sort of peace
deal or did we just see some sort of
strategic reunification of Ukraine and
its allies in some ways? Right. So
certainly we'll watch very closely if in
fact we see some sort of trilab between
Trump, Putin and Zilinski in the coming
weeks or months. But yeah, there you go.
Markets are doing this here right now.
So Hangen is not doing as well as CSI
300. We're getting very close to the
three-year highs for that benchmark as
well.
>> Yeah, I mean it's the only flirting we
can do these days. CSI 300 and Dave at
least
>> is flirting with 2022 highs. We'll talk
about that the next hour of the China
show is just do not go away.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China Show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session, we continue to extend some
gains here and we are now flirting with
those three-year highs for that
benchmark. Of course, after the Shanghai
Composite reached the decade highs
yesterday. It's a beautiful day in
Shanghai here today. Much better than
what we're seeing here in Hong Kong,
Dave.
>> Yeah. Playing with our feelings.
>> Um
>> it all the time.
>> All the time. Right. And I don't think I
I've forgotten how the sun looks like.
In fact, so in case you missed it, I
think an amber rainstorm morning has
been hoisted over the city. That's
nothing.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Compared to what And
hopefully it stays that way, right? It
got pretty bad the last few minutes or
so, in fact. So, we're going to thank
our next guest who's coming on very
shortly who found his way into our
studio to despite, of course, the
weather out there. Flip the boards,
please. Hang, hang, China, where you
have in terms of points movers there,
you have financials to the upside. Tech
is the drag there. Uh, I'm looking at my
screens. We're looking at Xiaomi,
Tencent, and Maidtoan are the bottom
three as far as points go. uh
construction, a bank and bank of China.
In fact, the big four are actually uh
the the counterweight there. Uh Shangh
composite as you can see is still
building on the gains from yesterday for
the 10 points uh on top of the already
10 year high close that we had uh on
Monday. Um, Leap Motor, we just joined
us on shows early on, of course, a CEO
talking about they've effectively raised
their sales target for the year and
they've coming out with some pretty
aggressive targets in the years to come
here given how they basically said
they're profitable now.
>> Yeah.
>> Sustainably.
>> Well, they were able to swing to profit
um here for for the latest results and
certainly they've been talking about uh
these numbers from I think it was like
580,000 to 650,000 was some of the
targets that they outlined during the
earnings call as well. So certainly
that's one thing to watch. Uh also when
it comes to a million in 2027 to 2
million in 2028, those are some of the
sales productions that they were
expecting as well. So um that certainly
is one thing that they're seeing is
maybe this growth momentum can be
sustained. They're not too concerned
about the slowdown, the possible
slowdown uh in demand as well given some
of these subsidies might be fading out
later on this year.
>> Yeah, not a big issue as far as they are
concerned. We're we have some breaking
news right now. We'll have more on this
by the way in a moment in a couple of
minutes here. But we understand that
Xien has weighed or mulled or consider
moving back to China to ease the path
towards unsurprisingly an IPO here in
the city. We'll get more details on this
Bloomberg scope a bit later on in in the
show there.
>> Yeah, certainly could mean that in more
tailwinds coming to the IPO market in
Hong Kong. We've been waiting for some
of these big names like Shien uh after
of course they they tried to attempt for
a London listing and the like. So
certainly that's then maybe the one of
the next few names to really look out
for. But yeah, it's that that certainly
is one tailwind. Then then you keep
talking about this ashare market rally
where it seems to be we're laying the
groundwork now for some sort of
sustainable bull market. That's the key
question if it's actually durable.
>> Yeah. U turnover is picking up. I think
margin debt is already back at
>> 2015 levels.
>> 2015 levels, right? The last time we saw
that 2015 levels under Shaheen composite
uh itself. In fact, I think the turnover
that we had yesterday, I think we have a
graphic that shows you this. if it's not
going to come out come come up later 2.7
trillion on Monday yuan was the total
turnover for the day that's the third
highest uh daily turnover on record that
previous two days were in October of
last year so interesting pickup here
>> yeah it's interesting too when you talk
about the makeup and and the
characterization of this this is rally
is that retail investors have not really
participated and you got to ask ask why
right and you take a look at how ETFs
are seems like they've actually seen
eight weeks of selling of some of these
equity focused ETFs and actually inflows
into bond ETFs
for example. So, is that a good or bad
thing for the market that you might not
get that sort of retail euphoria that we
once seen in some of these rallies? Be a
good thing.
>> Well, imagine if they come in then, you
know, and then what happens and know
what happens there. Uh, great context
coming through out of Chinese media this
morning. In fact, one of the top
headlines there uh in Chinese media
today. Here's a quick look at how that's
being framed as well. Front page report
on the Securities Daily says the rally
has drawn funds from a diverse pool
including household corporations and
overseas investors. Yeah, the paper size
exchange data showing more than 14
million new retail accounts were open on
the Shanghai stock exchange from January
to July this year. It also says
long-term investors like Central Huen
and insurers are expected to ramp up
market exposure.
>> Yeah. And someone who cannot contain his
excitement with the rally going on right
now is How Hong. He joins us here on
set. Managing partner, CIO at Lotus
Asset Management. It's been doing well
this market.
>> Can it continue?
>> Uh more likely than not, it's going to
continue. uh because you know right now
the retail money is not coming in just
yet right so right now it's mostly
institutional money uh and also you know
this year if you look at how uh the
retail deposits in the banking system
has been uh rising right so year today
we have more than 5 trillion new
deposits uh coming in uh from the
banking system right so that sort of
bodess well for the liquidity in in the
market and I think normally when the
bull market happen uh firstly you have
the institutional guys coming in uh and
then towards the second half of the uh
the rally then you will have the retail
money participation and right now we're
not seeing probably 20% of the the
market is retail money uh so the retail
money is not participating uh at a very
mass scale and therefore I think more
likely than not the rally would continue
>> should we be concerned that margin debt
is back to levels that we haven't seen
since 2015 then before things collapsed
>> I think we should feel encouraged uh to
see margin debt rising you know the
reason being uh for the longest time you
know we haven't seen this kind of risk
appetite coming back to this market uh
and if you look at you know official
numbers for example uh Chinese consumer
confidence is still at you know decade
low right so it hasn't rebounded since 3
years ago since we come out of co
>> uh so you know for the the market to
rise further you know we must know that
firstly there's no fundamental support
right so fundamental is really bad uh
and I think the market is betting uh the
authority to come in uh to uh sort of
execute some sort of a stimulus uh
policy like it did in last September and
to sustain the rally and I think right
now you know the the sort of the
calculation for the authority really is
that you know because the property
market is so bad uh and we need some
sort of asset price rising to you know
to sort of pull the uh consumer
confidence out of the valley so out of
the out of the low point and so
therefore you know I think come
September Octoberish then we should see
some more details on policy front.
>> Is this also a chase for yield? You
know, we've talked about how insurers
are going into the equity market as a
big buyer there. Um, we're seeing this
recent meltup in bond yields and I
wonder where people are. Do you think
investors are switching from fixed
income back into the equity markets?
>> Well, at least you know right now if you
talk to the fixed income guys, right?
So, they call themselves fixed income
plus fund manager.
>> Okay.
>> They want to reidentify themselves as an
equity cross. Yes. Yeah. So, you you can
see, you know, how bad it is for those
guys. Uh so you know uh the the bond
market has been rising for like three
years now right so they had a a
tremendous bull run Chinese long-term
bond is still at decades low okay uh so
therefore you know I would say that we
would continue to see money rotate from
bonds to stocks
>> tell us you mentioned that this rally
can actually broaden a bit right you
know are you seeing it spread out beyond
just the mega caps right now
>> I think so
>> that's right you so in the first half of
this uh this year right so we we did had
a bounce because of deepseek
And back then you know if you look at
the names that is rising you know the
tenzand Alibaba and the like right so
those are very pe familiar names that
people are you know very used to but
right now you know every day you're
seeing very strange names coming up
names that you've never seen before and
also if you look at the new tech board
you know the banging and also the uh the
China export uh they're rising
substantially faster uh than the main
board so that is telling you that you
know the the rally is actually spreading
out
>> can liquidity alone
be enough to fuel this even further at
some point we'll we'll need to look at
fundamentals and you think at that point
fundamentals will slightly be better
than the current state
>> that's right that's right I I would say
that you know liquidity can let you go
so far right so you know right now we
are very close to 3,800 points a level
that we haven't seen for 10 years uh and
so Hong Kong is uh closing in 20 26,000
you know also a level haven't seen for
10 for 10 years uh so I think you know
from here onwards you know for the the
rally to sustain much further from here
then we really need to see some policy
support you know because fundamental if
you look at the fundamental there's no
reason for you to be bullish on this on
this market
>> what about earnings
>> uh earnings so far has been uh resilient
I I have to say right so even though the
the larger cap names you know giving
some sort of mediocre uh performances uh
but I think you know if you look at the
smaller cap names they're actually
giving very good results you know If you
look at the names uh the earnings the
the stocks that has been doing well this
year right so new consumption names for
example the CXO names and also some of
the robotic uh industries that we we
know we haven't seen before uh that is
sprouting up this year as well. So this
rally is actually you know leading by is
being led by you know many of these new
sectors that we haven't uh had before
and if you look at the past boom markets
uh in Chinese history right so every
boom market they will have a leading
steers you know to lead the market up so
in 2007 is the the big banks and and big
financials and big uh uh uh ses I think
in 2015 it was the ch the trend export
and I think right now you know we're
getting in into an era where we see you
know the new industries that probably
have a very low representation in the
index but their earnings is actually
rising you know their importance and
also they're occupying investors
investors uh focus and I think more
likely than not you know this bull
market will be continue to let by these
names
>> what do you think of biotech I mean you
mentioned the there are new sectors that
are leading the rally that we haven't
seen and biotech's been a fantastic
that's right
>> long this year right do you think that
that continues. Do you get questions
around this?
>> Yeah, I I would say that you know this
sector should continue to do well. Uh
you know reason being well if if you
look at some of the names you know they
they're up like 10 times already yet
today. It was just phenomenal and I
think you know reason being you know
these names have been really bitten down
in the past two years. People just sort
of written it off but then come this
year you know people starting to see uh
the R&D uh uh efforts that they they
spend in the last couple of years is
coming to fruition right so uh many of
the company biotech companies actually
giving out good results and some of them
actually you know forming joint ventures
being acquired by foreign players and
all that. So that is telling you that
you know this sector is actually you
know sort of coming back to life and
also you know China actually have a
comparative advantage in this sector in
the sense that the cost is really low
right so the cost to do also
experimentation is very very very low uh
for Chinese companies and so I think all
in all you know one shouldn't be too
surprised to see you know because this
is a new sector it aroused the
imagination in people and shouldn't be
surprised to see you know this sector
continue to do well
>> sorry very quickly One last thing, the
pick up in high bore
>> this week, does that have any lasting
implications? You think I think we were
up the most in 17 years, something like
that on Monday from a low low base.
>> Yeah, very very low base. Well, and also
is you know the the money that is coming
from mainland and also some fund flows
coming into Hong Kong from from overseas
is making the HKMA's life difficult,
right? So I think many of the investment
banks in Hong Kong is actually offering
people uh some structural product to
take advantage of the situation where
you're still seeing you know a huge
interest rate spread between US dollars
and Hong Kong dollars. So you know
because of that you know there has been
selling pressures on the Hong Kong
dollars and now people sort of you know
coming back to census and so people
shouldn't be too sort of concerned about
the the surge in highore. Hong, thank
you so much. Managing partner, CIO at
Lotus Asset Management. Coming up next,
the former US ambassador to Ukraine. And
we're talking about the other big story,
of course, with Russia here joining us
to really take a pulse check of Trump's
peace plans as he floats the idea of a
trilateral summit between the US,
Ukraine, and also Russia. That's coming
up next, plus plenty more. This is the
China Show. Good morning.
[Music]
Well, President Trump has outlined plans
for a meeting between Zalinsky and his
Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin and a
trilat summit with the US after that.
So, that's what came out of that Oval
Office meeting. Joining us now is
William Taylor, former US ambassador to
Ukraine and currently a distinguished
fellow with the Atlantic Council's
Eurasia Center. Ambassador Taylor, thank
you so much for joining us. So they're
they're talking about the prospect of of
a trial at now. Do you think we we reach
any sort of breakthroughs toward some
sort of peace deal after this meeting?
>> You I don't think we're at a
breakthrough point yet. Um I think
there's a lot of work that's gone on. uh
they had a lot of good discussions today
both uh with President Trump and
President Zilinsky but also these
European leaders um uh who were eager to
come eager to come to make the point
that uh this conflict is not just about
Ukraine. Yes, it's about Ukraine. Of
course, the Ukrainians have been holding
off the Russians now for three and a
half years. Um but the Europeans were
also there because this is about
European security. Uh the Europeans
really want the Ukrainians to be able to
stop the Russians in Ukraine so that the
Russians are not a threat to not not a
threat to the rest of Europe. So this
was uh this was an important meeting for
the Europeans to make that point to
>> Ambassador David here. Yeah, I mean you
bring up a very good point. It doesn't
seem like any side wants to share a
border with any side which is you know
we know can't happen because at some
point you know that's going to meet.
the I the reason I bring that up is I
think the the the topic of uh territory
and whether or not that's on the table
as far as discussions go uh will be
discussed at any future meeting. Do you
think it's a that's a red line still for
the Ukrainians seeding any territory to
the Russians?
>> David, I think it is a red line if we're
talking about formally seeding
territory. you know, if you rec the
Russians, of course, want the Ukrainians
and the Europeans and the Americans um
to formally recognize that they own um
parts of the of Ukraine that they now
occupy. They they want uh they want the
international community to recognize
Crimea
um that you're showing there and the you
know Crimea as as part of Russia as part
of Russia legally formally
internationally recognized part of
Russia. That's what the Russians want.
The Ukrainians will never give that. The
Ukrainians will will Ukrainians will
acknowledge grudgingly through gritted
teeth. David um that the Russians occupy
19% of their country including Donbas
and Crimea um 19% of other country. The
80 the other 81% is not occupied. Um
they want to keep it that way. They
eventually the Ukrainians eventually
want to take back that 19%. So, they're
not willing to formally acknowledge or
agree or or or accept um that the that
those lost territories are lost forever.
They're they are not willing. They say
they're going to get them back. And
Dave, one last thing just on that point.
They remember after World War II uh that
West Germany was divided that Germany
was divided in West Germany and East
Germany. The West Germans
never gave up hope of uh of reuniting
with East Germany, even though the
Soviet Union at the time dominated East
Germany. And the Ukrainians remember
that. And the Ukrainians um will not
give up hope of taking back eventually
Crimea and Donbas.
>> Okay. So, they might not budge on that.
I'm wondering then in terms of this
so-called reassurance force, this NATO
article five like sort of pledge that
has been thrown around, what would that
look like to you, Ambassador?
>> Ivon, great question. And this was a big
issue today, a very big issue because
the Europeans um are really stepping up.
I mentioned that they're here and they
they really uh made a made an effort to
to for all of these senior folks to get
here on very little notice. they're
stepping up and one of the ways that
they're stepping up um is through this
security guarantee idea. Um and there um
you've got people in particular um the
British and the French are taking the
lead on on something they're calling the
coalition of the willing. You you've
been probably talking about this. Um the
coalition of the willing, it's some 30
nations but led by the French and the
Brits. um uh that would apparently be
willing or prepared to put troops on the
ground, put military forces on the
ground in Ukraine to be sure that after
a ceasefire the Russians don't invade
again. Uh and that's what the Ukraans
are worried about. The Ukraine's worried
about if there is a ceasefire um then
the Russians will take advantage of it
and invade again. Um, by the way, going
back to the first question, they're also
worried that uh uh that the Russians
want to take the high ground um in
Donbas in Donetsk uh in the eastern part
of the country that the Ukrainians have
been defending for three and a half
years. The Russians now want that and
they want the Ukrainians just to give it
up. Just to give it up that they So all
to say that the security entity is
really an important component of this.
Well, do you think do you think the
Russians Vladimir Putin signed off on Do
you think he'd be okay with uh those
security guarantees?
>> No. And neither do I think that he has
any business in talking about security
guarantees for the Ukrainians.
This is not security guarantee is
between Ukraine um and Europe and the
United States and NATO and it has
nothing to do with with well it has to
do with Russia. It's designed to defend
against Russia. It's designed to keep
Russia out of Ukraine. So, it makes no
sense to me um to be talking to the
Russians or even thinking that the
Russians have anything to say
interesting um about about a security
guarantee or or a coalition of the of
the willing or a reassurance force on
the ground in Ukraine. The Russians
don't get to don't get the say about
that. No vetos. They they they don't
have ability to stop that.
>> Right. But wouldn't that be a
precondition though to
to to you know a a path towards a a
peace deal for example? You know we know
that Vladimir Putin did not want NATO at
its border right and effectively a
security guarantee might look like that.
That's the reason I'm asking you as
well. Do you think he walked away from
that meeting with Donald Trump having
okay that idea of a security guarantee?
David, uh NATO on Russia's border, it's
been there for a long time and it just
got about 800 miles longer. Um uh with
Finland's coming into NATO, um you know,
uh and you know, it didn't bother Putin
um when Finland and Sweden joined NATO.
Um it's not about NATO. Um it's about
Putin's desire, his obsession um with
controlling,
eliminating, absorbing
Ukraine. And that's not it's not
contested. Uh President Putin says that
um that he says that there's no such
thing as Ukraine, that the Ukraine is a
nation doesn't exist. So he's so that's
his rationale for trying to absorb it,
to invade it, to take it over. Um, so
it's not NATO. Um, it is not NATO. It
is, uh, it's his obsession with Ukraine.
>> Ambassador, appreciate the time. Thank
you so much for joining us. William
Taylor there, former US ambassador to
Ukraine. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Now to a Bloomberg scoop. We've learned
that Shien is considering moving its
base back to China to help sway
authorities to sign off on its plans to
go public in Hong Kong. Let's get to our
Asia Global Business Managing Editor
Rachel Chang. She has more details of
this scoop. And Rachel, what what more
do we know at this point?
>> Right. I mean, this is really
significant piece of new information
that we've uncovered. We do know that
Shen really has been a bi in a bind in
terms of trying to get this IPO off the
ground. It hasn't managed to get
regulatory approval in New York or
London. Now it's trying to IPO in Hong
Kong where that approval from China is
all the more necessary. But what we also
know is that Chinese regulators really
see you know Shien's efforts to sort of
pretend that I mean not pretend but sort
of not be a ch not be perceived as a
Chinese company. You know it moved its
headquarters headquarters to Singapore
in 2021. What that means is you know
China does not get any of its taxation.
China does not have oversight of the
data that it collects and we do know
that these are issues that you know with
the regulator has held up the approval
for them to go public. So you know Shien
really this would be a big hailmary move
for them. You know it would be a huge
change to their structure moving back to
China but it might be the only way that
they can IPO.
>> Rachel, do we know do we have a
timetable for this? Do we know when?
>> We don't. I mean, we know that the the
talks are very preliminary. The work is
preliminary. We do not know for sure
that they'll move forward with it. But
we do know that Shien really does not
have many options right now. Its
valuation in private markets has also
fallen quite a bit because its business
is facing a lot of headwinds. You know,
the loss of the dimminimous waiver that
allowed its parcels to go to US
consumers duty-free. That's under
Trump's um tariff barrage. That has
really affected its business as well. So
Shien is really looking for a way now to
get that in those initial investors the
exit that it needs before their business
conditions deteriorate even more.
>> Rachel, thank you so much. Rachel Chang
there, our with our scoop, our Asia
global business managing editor there in
the scoop on Sheen weighing its move
back to China. Speaking of a quick turn
of events like the weather outside,
markets are now in the red as you can
see CSI Shangh now flat for the day.
Hang sang. Well, let's call it pretty
much flat on all the major benchmarks.
About an hour uh into the cash market
session. Plenty more ahead here,
including a wrap of the morning session
in Japan. A look ahead to the 20-year
bond option. Plus, plenty more ahead.
Keep it here. This is the China Show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. And we're about a
minute to the Japanese lunch break. Live
view of Tokyo where again it's um envy
all around. If you're watching from Hong
Kong, you saw Shanghai. Tokyo seems to
be fairly okay with the lack of rain and
liquidity, which really is a both a
blessing uh and a problem here in Hong
Kong as far as the weather, but the
markets is a blessing certainly. uh Nic
225 down about 10 1% call it nothing uh
some of the key crosses there as you can
see the yen is on the stronger side of
things we'll see what the bond auction
looks like and might the yen be actually
the best position to gain ahead of or
around and even after Jackson Hole
one-year yield in Japan 66 20-year
government bonds on your screens 312
right now on well 258 rather 259 on the
that specific uh tenor going into that
bond sale in about an hour from now
>> all right some other corporate stories
that tracking for you today. Soft Bank
has agreed to buy $2 billion of Intel
stock as part of its chip ambitions. The
Japanese firm will pay $23 a share, a
small discount to Intel's last close.
And the move delivers a strong vote of
confidence in the chip maker. Intel is
looking to prove itself as a tech leader
again after failing falling behind chip
rivals. A tech firm Mate 2's first half
profit jumped 31% to 397 million
remmbbating last year's 303 million.
Revenue climbed 12% while gross margins
expanded nearly 74%. Monthly active
users also rose to 280 million. That's
up almost 9%. Analysts remain bullish
with 17 buys and no holder sells on the
stock with stock down some 2.7% but
still one of the key performers uh here
in Hong Kong of late. Pharma giant
subtle bioarma saw net income climb 12%
in the first half to 3.4 billion yen.
That's compared with three billion a
year ago. Revenue rose 11%. Now the firm
also boosted its interim dividend to
five Hong Kong cents a share. That's up
from three last year. Leap motor
reported earnings that showed its net
income on a gap basis specifically
swinging back into profits uh 33 million
or so rem in the first half. Uh we spoke
in fact earlier on with the co-president
Michael Woo uh who told us that the pro
profit margins are healthy and they're
also bumping up or upgrading their sales
forecasts for the year. Have a look.
>> We've had a quite good uh result as we
always been saying uh we're in a long
long-term business and we're on track.
So as you pointed out, you know, at the
second quarter and the first half, we
actually uh turned uh significant
milestone to uh to to turn the
profitability. Um and also our sales
volume 221,000 in the first half. That's
over 150% growth. Uh ranking the number
one among the startup peers for the
first half. uh and also sales in July we
achieved more than 50,000 sales volume
uh again you know ranking number one
among the startup peers being the fifth
consecutive uh month achieving that uh
number one um yeah and the revenue
growth uh more than 170% uh we're both
operating cash flow free cash flow
positive uh and not only positive but
also a significant growth from the last
period So a gross margin also quite uh
healthy you know we uh average growth
margin growth profit margin was 14% for
the first half uh compared to the we
barely turned uh positive in the last
year in the same period. So um so the so
you know based on the strong performance
uh again we're on track for the whole
year we have upgraded some of the
projections uh sales volume we upgraded
uh from 500 to 600,000 units to now 580
to 650,000
units for this year and uh we'll
maintain the the path to have the quite
you know reasonable gross margin around
14% to 15%. Um again for the whole year
we target to achieve profit in the range
of 500 to 1 billion R&Bs.
>> Okay. On track I mean you you made 30
million remmbb in the first half. I'm
just wondering if you're talking about
500 million to a billion. U when can you
actually transition to long-term
profitability? Michael
>> again uh being on track is the way we
achieve long-term pro profitability. Um
okay for 2026 we will target to sell uh
more than 1 million cars uh in total and
by 2027 we would target to to sell close
to 2 million cars. So we're executing
around that path and with that um
obviously the profitability will improve
given our business nature being high
operating leverage. So for 2026, you
know, uh the profitability could be in
multiple billions in R&B.
>> Okay. Yeah. Well, just to recap that,
Michael, wow, these are very big numbers
here. So 1 million is the sales target
for 2027. Correct me if I'm wrong, by
the way. 2 million for 2028. How are you
then 2026, how are you aligning your
production capacity then to be able to
then reach reach those goals if if
demand of course cooperates?
Yes, we uh plan our business alongside
in terms of production. Uh by end of
this year, we'll have the production
capacity more than a million units. So,
it's always being planned uh in
parallel.
>> Um I'm just wondering there there's a
whole government campaign now, Michael,
that is talking a little bit more about
how to end all this crazy competition in
the EV space here right now. I'm just
maybe can you talk a bit more about
anti-involution, this drive here? Does
that change your pricing strategy in any
way?
No actually this uh as as you mentioned
this new uh you know guidance or or the
new uh industry self constraint in a way
which is good um you know to make sure
um while the competition being fierce we
don't go from extreme to to this extreme
to the other extreme which is quite
healthy in long term. So in terms of our
strategy it doesn't change anything
because we we produce uh products we
bring to the product to the market with
a very good feature very good value to
our targeted consumers in the at the
same time as we grow our volume as we
grow our gross profit margin we also
continue to drive down the cost
leveraging on what we do the best which
is we have a fully vertically integrated
business model uh with all the key
electronic and electric parts and
components. We're the first world tier
one suppliers to ourselves. So we we do
all of this in parallel and the price
you our pricing allows us to have you
know as we mentioned you know double
digit gross margin yet can provide the
best um you know competitive products to
the industry. So I guess it's about
competition competitiveness rather than
um kind of unhealthy competition.
Ja Jang Le Motor Technology co-president
Michael Woo there speaking to us a
little bit earlier on and we got more
auto earnings coming up tomorrow on the
China show. We'll have XP's vice
chairman and president Brian Goo take us
through their earnings and what's ahead
for the company. This is Monica.
[Music]
We got more news to tell you about.
Investors looking ahead to results from
Xiaomi following a rally that has driven
its market value up $120 billion dollar
in the past year. Let's bring in our
China correspondent Mimllo with a
preview. Uh there seems to be a lot of
concerns over the smartphone business.
is the core business.
>> Yes, the smartphone business contributes
to 40% of revenue and there's concern
that there's been so much headwinds
right despite those consumer subsidies.
There's worry that you know that
momentum is going to fade off plus the
intense competition with some of the
domestic competitors like Huawei and the
like. There's been intense price
competition that is eating into margins,
especially the kind of promotions that
we saw during that June shopping
festival. And then you add to that the
growing cost of chips as well as its
overseas expansion into markets like
India. That's where it's seeing its
market share falling. Apple overtaking
it in the first quarter. So that's the
concern here. Even though there's been
so much exuberance over its EV business,
right? We are seeing delivery lead times
getting longer. Uh a sign that perhaps
there are capacity constraints which is
a good problem to have. But the
questions now about whether those EV
demand and the sales growth there is
able to offset some of the slowdown that
we are seeing in the smartphone
business.
>> Yeah. And the stock itself, right? Does
it justify the sort of crazy stock move
we've seen given the fact that it's it's
already more expensive than the likes of
BYD, I believe. Um so let's talk about
PopMart. That's obviously going to be a
popular one for many in the market. What
are we expecting there? Yeah, we had the
preliminary report from the company back
in June and the company said that they
are looking at potentially around 350%
increase in profits and 200% increase in
revenue which is a very remarkable
number. And I think what really stands
out is its profit margins. We're looking
at about 68% profit margins according to
analyst estimates. And this is head and
shoulders above any other, you know,
Chinese companies with international
reach. You look at Minnesota for
example, another retailer, they're
looking at margins of about 45%. You
look at some of the electronic firms,
the consumer firms including BYD,
Xiaomi, they're looking at 20% margin.
So 68% that's an eyewatering amount of
margins that many companies would be
jealous of. But the other thing that
really stood out to me is the overseas
expansion. Uh the CEO Wanging said in a
People's Daily interview that they
expecting North America expansion to
surpass its Southeast Asia expansion
which is quite interesting because a lot
of its peers you look at Chargi and a
lot of these Chinese retailers they tend
to expand more in Southeast Asia first
before going to the west and I think
PopMart really benefits from the fact
that toys are still a relatively not
sensitive sector right it's not facing
export controls in the likes of the US
and the EU and that's supporting its
growth um we are looking at you to 9
100% growth in the US market in the
first quarter. 6 600% growth in Europe
in the first quarter as well, 100%
growth in China. So that overseas
expansion really uh overshadowing its
growth in the China market.
>> You did that whole hit without
mentioning Laboo.
>> Yes, Laboo.
>> I forgot about that.
>> Yeah, of course. That that is what's
driving all this, right? I mean,
>> now I'm upset.
>> You had to bring it up.
>> Yeah, there is a number for that. 10
million I believe is the number of
Laboos expected to have been sold I
think in the first half. Wow. Um but I
think you know the the main sort of
downside risk that some analysts are
saying is that there is this over
reliance on labuboos and whether or not
you know per can create more IPs that
could you know replicate the kind of
success that we have seen here. Yeah,
>> that was the Hello Kitty analogy that
was brought up a few back, right? And
how Sanrio was able to pivot away from
just a single
>> uh focus on a single product
concentration product concentration, I
guess.
>> Yeah,
>> but there are still some other cute ones
like Crybaby, Twinkle, Twinkle.
>> Yes, there's a lot.
>> David has exited the chat.
>> All right, women. Thank you. Our channel
correspondent there with an update on
what to expect out of PopMart as well as
Xiaomi here this morning. In terms of
more earnings to tell you about, we
talked about Expo, we talked about
Xiaomi, PopMart. Uh there's plenty more
still in that list, right? So Wooi Bio
paying on Good Doctor in the biotech
space. You have Sunny Optical at Apple
Supplier, Kland Energy, China Resources,
Beer, and Freel
are next there. Um but you've been
tracking some of these what we've seen
so far and what's the report card
looking like so far, D?
>> Yeah, here's the pie chart for you by
number of companies. You have 28 have
come in ahead of forecast 25 so slightly
below let's call it the even split and
let's see because it's early days still
have mis forecast so far it's what
what's telling though is the market
reaction has been mostly negative even
when you tend to get beats on the first
day after they uh reported which I think
is a good indication of say leap motor
today is a very good example of a
massive rally and then we're seeing
shares come off post the earnings
release which is unsurprising anyway
anyway um coming up speaking Speaking of
earnings and speaking of a stock
decline,
so CSL, massive company of course in
Australia, Paul McKenzie, the CEO,
managing director, will be coming on
very, very shortly to talk us through
this major announcement of a spin-off,
plus really what what to make of the
market reaction we are adverse market
reaction we are seeing today. That's
coming up next. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. We're just going
into the hour and 15 minute mark. Cash
markets as you can see. So, we've been
effectively flat. Nothing much happening
as far as Hong Kong goes. I mean, when
you look at sort of what's driving the
index itself is certainly on one end and
it's you see it on your screens. Tech is
the main drag today. On the opposite
side though is you have the banks and
again that's another popular trade which
is perhaps also why the onore markets
are doing slightly better on an index
constituency I guess conversation. in
Shanghai CSI was flat in fact was lower
earlier on and now of course moving uh
more towards the upside there right um
other things uh taking place you had a
massive move up in high bore yesterday
um in fact we had had a very big move on
Friday and then we had an even bigger
move on Monday certainly something to
watch in about 30 minutes time once we
do get that uh update there so right
most side of your screens of course
we're coming off a lows today 50 basis
points is the biggest single day in
about 17 years which is interesting and
unsurprising and certainly related to
the move we're seeing right now in the
uh dollar honki market where we're now
trading on the stronger end of the two
halves here right so we did earlier on
we did take out a few seconds ago we did
take out that 780 handle we're slightly
above that at the moment so let's call
it at the midpoint of the trading range
given uh given the peg taking place very
quickly we're looking at long JGBs
um we have a bond auction coming through
20-year bond auction. I think we are now
looking at about a uh Can we get that up
please if we can? The 20-year bond
auction please if we can and 20 year
JGB. So we are of course in the middle
of the lunch break for cash market
session. There we go. And we're now at
about two let's call it 259 on the
20year yield. Okay. So other things
taking place as well. So we're going to
think of earning season in Australia. So
lots of big conversations coming up in
the next hour. You have the likes of BHP
will be joining us and certainly the
questions there around valuations. were
nearest the priciest on PE going back I
think to 2021 as far as BHP goes. So
that's point number one and of course
the other big movers coming through as
well. I mean yesterday we just had a
conversation with Lently uh on their on
their earnings and of course we're going
into this big one coming soon on CSL of
course and the
>> big news that really came through on on
not just on the earning side of things.
I mean earning side was actually uh
decent in fact good and and but really
it was this massive restructuring that
they've just laid out here though. So
they're spinning off the securest
vaccine business. Uh they're cutting
costs by around 500 million a year as
part of this restructuring plan. So
let's talk about this a little bit more.
CSL, the largest pharmaceutical company
in Australia. Those shares are falling
this morning and the slide that we've
seen is is one of the worst days on
record. That's after the firm reported
disappointing earnings announced plans
to spin off its vaccine business. A lot
to impact really from Melbourne. Let's
bring in Paul McKenzie, CSL's CEO and
managing director. He joins us now.
Paul, thank you so much for the time.
Uh, I got to get your take on on the
share price that's going on right now.
>> Yeah. Are you surprised by this
reaction?
>> Well, look, we're we're really focused
on driving shareholder value and
continuing to grow demand for our
products around the world. And I think
if you look at the comprehensive package
we laid out today, it's really about
becoming match fit and delivering uh the
company to the future, right? Right. So
we had terrific earnings in fiscal year
25 14% growth above guidance which was
very strong. So we'll continue to work
through with our investors so that they
understand the completeness of the
package and the goals and uh and we'll
see where we end up.
Yeah, that's yeah, Paul, thank you so
much for the clarification there because
the market seems to be well, I think for
one, it's we all know of course the the
shortsightedness element of of markets,
but also just to mention since you
talked about the business um there's a
you know, I'm looking at several
commentary coming through from analysts
here and you know some of the core
business for example did get a lift from
the low tax regime. I wonder if you
could comment on that or is there
something beyond just the low tax that
was able to lift that that that number
for you Paul? No, I think it was really
our execution the plan on all our margin
levers and operational uh excellence
across the board. Right. So if you look
at our we rolled out new technology and
on our plasma feresa suites which was
extremely important getting us yield and
getting us more from every donor and
every dollar we spend per donor. We've
increased our yield in our manufacturing
facilities. Um we've launched a new
product in Dembry um which will be the
new standard of care in HEitary Angodma.
So we have lots of levers that we're
pulling that both hope to drive topline
growth as well as margin growth and
there to plan.
>> Uh I was going to ask you about the
secur business which you decide to spin
off. uh this obviously you you faced
headwinds obviously with this business
uh obviously with what's going on in the
US right now and and the Trump
administration where you have uh the CDC
overhauling vaccines RFK Jr. also is and
his antivaccine sort of stance. How is
CSL addressing any of these concerns?
>> Yeah, I think actually for if you look
at flu flu which is where we play um the
biggest where the number you know global
leader in influenza as well as pandemic
pandemic preparedness. It really is a
great story for us right now at Securus
and the timing for this to merger was
right. Flu had a 15-year high for
hospitalizations and deaths last year
and we just recently got in the US the
preferential ASIP recommendation and as
as of this morning the head of the HHS
supported that recommendation. So flu is
here to stay and we have a
differentiated portfolio. We've moved
away from egg to cellbased and
adivvented technologies and we're well
positioned. So as secure as now with
CSL, we've capitalized it well. We've
just completed a new manufacturing
facility here in Melbourne and as well
as we've completed the geographic
expansion into Germany and France where
we also got a preferential
recommendation for flu. So we think
Securus is really well positioned to
what we see as a market that will
continue return to growth as US
vaccination fatigue, you know, in the 18
to 64 category fades and we move back to
more normal course of business. So we
think we're in good position uh with
this demmerger and the timing is right
for us.
>> Paul, I guess on the demure more that do
you have a number in mind, a rough
number in mind, how much you want to
fetch for this business? How much do you
think it's valued?
>> Well, you look again, I think of the
shareholders. We're we're demerging it
to our CSL shareholders and then we'll
see where the market goes. But flu is a
7 billion industry. We are strategically
well placed with our differentiated
portfolio as well as our pandemic
preparedness. We have contracts with
over 20 countries. the aven flu which is
circulating still. We got 90% of the
majority of the contracts around the
world for it. So, you know, I think the
value is there and and obviously the
market will determine that value for us.
And the Trump administration, I mean,
the president has called for major drug
manufacturers to lower prices in the US.
I know CSL was not among those companies
that received letters, Paul, but I'm
wondering if you're feeling the pressure
to have to lower your pre your prices.
No, we look, we've never been a company
that's taken price. We've always looked
at CPI and we've always made sure, you
know, we're a bit different than a lot
of other pharmaceutical companies. We
have a lot of cost in our raw material,
raw material acquisition in plasma,
which is all derived in the US, right?
So, we collect all of our plasma. We
have major US operations and that's
where our active pharmaceutical
ingredient comes in. So that's where the
tariffs, the impact on tariffs on us and
as well as most favored nation pricing.
We'll see how the policies go. But it's
a bit different for us than it is the
other pharmaceutical companies.
>> Paul, thank you so much for for taking
the time. speak again soon and hopefully
before the uh that next step of course
in the de merge and of course I do
understand as well you have planned a
share buyback and hopefully addresses
some of the concerns in a market these
days because it's quite a bad day at
least one day reaction Paul McKenzie
thank you so much CEO managing director
at CSL joining us live post their uh
earnings right u coming through as well
in the next hour of Bloomberg television
we have tomorrow seuite interviews
coming up out of Australia BHP and
Woodside and their respective bosses
This will be helping us understand and
debrief the earnings plus the outlook
for both companies and also obviously
the sector as a whole. Uh before we go
just a look at markets and yeah about 90
minutes into the session and things are
looking like this. So we just coming off
as you can see the session highs and I
guess we have to wait another day before
we take out those October highs. But I
mean we certainly have a full afternoon
session ahead 30 minutes to the morning
session break. We're flat in the CSI
300. We're still looking at things like
turnover and of course want to watch
this highore going into the next hour of
Bloomberg television. So we will see you
all tomorrow. That's it from us here on
the China show. Good day, good morning.
Keep safe. Keep dry.
[Music]